Update jwks endpoint doc (#3371)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/docs/lifecycle/authenticate-users/oauth/endpoints.mdx

<Aside type="note">
You must add an asymmetric key to FusionAuth to have keys at this endpoint.

> Since version 1.50.0, a default FusionAuth installation has a single RSA public/private keypair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since version 1.50.0, default FusionAuth installations have a single RSA public/private key pair.
```

> HMAC shared secret keys will not be published at this endpoint. If they were, anyone would be able to retrieve such a key and then sign tokens with it. Those tokens would be indistinguishable from those created by FusionAuth. That would be bad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HMAC shared secret keys are not published by this endpoint. If they were, anyone would be able to retrieve these keys and then sign tokens with them. Those tokens would be indistinguishable from those created by FusionAuth. That would be bad.
```

> You may add keys using the admin UI by navigating to <Breadcrumb>Settings -> Key Master</Breadcrumb> and generating or importing them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may add key pairs using the admin UI by navigating to <Breadcrumb>Settings -> Key Master</Breadcrumb> and generating or importing them.
```
